Add configurable data plane log level (#2603)
nginxinc/nginx-gateway-fabric: charts/nginx-gateway-fabric/README.md

| `metrics.port` | Set the port where the Prometheus metrics are exposed. Format: [1024 - 65535] | int | `9113` |
| `metrics.secure` | Enable serving metrics via https. By default metrics are served via http. Please note that this endpoint will be secured with a self-signed certificate. | bool | `false` |
| `nginx.config` | The configuration for the data plane that is contained in the NginxProxy resource. | object | `{}` |

> | `nginx.debug` | Is NGINX run in debug mode. This should be used with setting the NGINX error log level to debug. | bool | `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nginx.debug` | Enable debugging for NGINX. Uses the nginx-debug binary. The NGINX error log level should be set to debug in the NginxProxy resource. | bool | `false` |
```
